Deadline:  November 2nd, 2025
Description
You are asked to implement a bid-based-online store
Requirements
You are asked to implement a web system with the following capabilities:
User accounts, including sign up and login.
The products must be classified by departments (e.g, Electronics, computers, books).
The user must be able to sell a product classified by department. When registering the product,
the user must include a product name, a description, a starting bid value, a picture, and a due date.
The system must provide a search box with the capability of refine the search based on the department. However,
the default search must be executed on the entire product database.
The searching results must be listed with the product description (Name, department, type, and current bid) and a picture.
Once the user selects a product, the system must present a new page with a complete product description including a bigger picture.
Once the user intent to make a bid for a product, she must be logged into the system. She must enter the bid value,
and the system must show the highest bid for the product.
The system must provide an administrator role with the ability to add, modify, and remove users, products, and departments.
 
Submission and defense
 You are asked to submit your source code using Blackboard on or before November 2nd, 11:59 PM.  This project must be implemented in teams of, at most, 2 students.
 
 You must submit a .zip file with your source code and database script generator for MySQL and your zip file must be identified as follows:
1_<Student1_last name>_<Student1_ first Name>_<Student2_last name>_<Student2_ first Name>.zip  (e.g. 1_Vergara_Idalides_Alvear_Alcides.zip)
Rubric
60% - Program implementation
20% - Project Defense
20% - Code documentation including: the database schema, UML diagram, page data-flow and data dictionary.
 
 
 
Very Important
Your implementation must follow the discussion in class. The web pages must not include the database connection string, nor the database query strings.
The access to the database must be encapsulated in Java classes. If this requirement is not met, the penalty is -70.
Each page must validate the user permission. If this requirement is not met, the penalty is -40.
Your database must not implement a table with the user’s plain-text password. If this requirement is not met, the penalty is -80.
For each day of lateness, the penalty is -10.
The students must defend their project, otherwise the penalty is -100.
 
Academic Integrity
Each student is expected to work individually on all projects, exams and assignments, unless the professor specifies the opposite.
You may not share your answers, designs, diagrams, assignments and other works.
You may not use work from another student, or information that you find on the Internet or any similar resources.
Failure to comply with these requirements will result in a grade of F in the course for the student(s) breaking these rules.
Unauthorized group efforts, particularly during exams, will be considered academic dishonesty and the students involved will receive an F in the course.
You should read Article VIII of the “Reglamento de Estudiantes” to learn more about the possible sanctions that you might experience
if caught in an act of academic dishonesty.